[FEATURE] Document where to put media and assets. (#427)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-GettingStarted: Documentation/Assets/Index.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
.. _webroot:

==================
Webroot and assets
==================

> In TYPO3 files that must be displayed directly in the web browser, may - for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In TYPO3 files that are displayed in the web browser, must - for
```

> security reasons - only be placed in certain directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security reasons - be placed in certain directories.
```

> In standard Composer-based installation, as this tutorial assumes you have, the webroot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a standard Composer-based installation, which this tutorial assumes you have, the webroot
```

of the server points to directory :directory:`public`. Read more about this folder:
:ref:`TYPO3 Explained, folder "public/" <t3coreapi:directory-public>`. Files

> placed outside this folder cannot be called directly by the web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
placed outside of this folder cannot be called directly by the web browser.
```

> There are roughly 3 types of files tha must be accessed directly by the browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 types of files that must be accessed directly by the browser:
```

*   :ref:`Media and downloads <media>`: Images, Videos and Audio used within the content and

>     manged by editors. Downloads like PDF files, Excel sheets etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    managed by editors. Downloads like PDF files, Excel sheets etc.
```

*   :ref:`Assets <assets>`: Including CSS, JavaScript, fonts, images and icons used for design purposes.

> *   Technical files managed by Composer and TYPO3, including the `index.php` as

Author: read the whole sentence please.

>     Entry point, automatically generated assets and scaled versions of images.

Author: the `index.php` as entry point...

.. _media:

Media and downloads
===================

> Media and download **must** be stored in the so called fileadmin. In standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Media and downloads **must** be stored in fileadmin. In standard
```

Composer-based installations, as we assume you have here, they are stored in
:path:`public/fileadmin/`.

Read more about this folder:
:ref:`TYPO3 Explained, folder "public/fileadmin/" <t3coreapi:directory-public-fileadmin>`.

Files in the fileadmin are managed by the
:ref:`File abstraction layer (FAL) <t3coreapi:fal_introduction>`.

They can be uploaded, moved and deleted in the backend module
:guilabel:`File > Filelist` by administrators and

> depending on the :ref:`permissions <permissions-management>`

Author: ```suggestion
depending on the :ref:`permissions <permissions-management>`,
```

> depending on the :ref:`permissions <permissions-management>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
,depending on :ref:`permissions <permissions-management>`,
```

Author: a comma at the start of the line seems strange to me...

Author: I fixed it

> by the editors of the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by editors.
```

..  warning::

>     For security reasons do not store any templates, scripts or assets in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For security reasons, do not store any templates, scripts or assets in this
```

>     directory. Use a :ref:`site package <t3sitepackage:start>` to store them in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    directory. Store them in a :ref:`site package <t3sitepackage:start>`
```

    :ref:`assets`.

.. _assets:

> Assets in extensions and site package

Author: ```suggestion
Assets in extensions and site packages
```

> Assets in extensions and site package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets in extensions and a site package
```

Author: Mmh if we think of just one it would probably be "the site package" we could also write site packages...

=====================================

Assets usually include CSS files, JavaScript and images / icons used for design
purposes.

> Within an extension, including a site package they can only be placed in folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within an extension, including a site package, they can only be placed in folder
```
